The Rossignol Rallybird is a lightweight and energetic freeride ski made for intermediate-advanced lady skiers who want a playful ski that can handle a variety of conditions. The Rallybird performs well in soft snow and off trail, while still getting edge to edge quick, and being plenty capable of linking tight turns on the hard pack. Paired with the Xpress 10 GW bindings, this is a great daily driver set up for skiers looking for versatility and playfulness in a lightweight package.
The K2 Reckoner is a versatile mid-fat twin tip ski that's geared towards freestyle-minded skiers who want high-quality performance in the park, but can also handle a day of fresh pow when needed. The Reckoner Skis provide a versatile platform to play around on in the park and across the rest of the mountain.
The men's Burton Process Snowboard is a lightweight true twin with a playful feel in an all-mountain charger package. Designed with the help of professional snowboarder Mark McMorris, the Process is a freestyle-inspired board that is best for riders looking to turn the whole mountain into their terrain park. Best suited for a rider who has intermediate to advanced riding skills and likes ripping down groomers, shredding black diamonds, finding pow stashes, and hucking hips, jumps, and anything in between.
The Burton Yeasayer Snowboard is a great option for women riders at the intermediate level seeking a balanced all-mountain board that caters to smooth riding. Burton's Flat Top Rocker helps to soften the board's flex making it very forgiving for progressing riders.
With a legacy of pushing personal skills to the pro level, the men's Burton Ruler Snowboard Boots are the choice for stepping to larger drops and burlier features. With an overall medium flex and responsive feel, the Ruler raises the bar on board control. A Dual-Zone BOA® Fit System lets you independently micro-adjust the fit and feel of the forefoot and cuff tension to match your ambitions. Cold feet are a distant memory of your old boots thanks to the insulated, heat reflective tech of the Ruler's heat-moldable liners.
Back bowl powder laps or beyond the gates, the women's Alltrack is designed to ski the whole mountain. A releasable cuff offers a natural range of motion for hiking, and the Generative Design Grid shell is engineered for reduced weight and full power transmission to handle all conditions. The custom liner offers all-day comfort for exploring the whole mountain.
The Burton Cartel is a medium-stiff flex binding that is designed to maximize stability, control, and connection to the board. These bindings are the perfect tool to stay in command during all of the rider’s biggest lines.
The Marker Griffon Ski Bindings are an excellent option for intermediate to advanced skiers looking for reliable performance in a downhill binding. The Griffons were first introduced in 2008 and this year's version improves on one of the top-selling downhill bindings of all time. They are designed to be compatible with most ski boots, prevent injuries, and efficiently transfer energy to skis. They are available in multiple colors to customize that perfect ski setup.
The Tactic aluminum ski pole offers all-mountain versatility in a durable aluminum shaft that balances strength and weight. Ergonomic grips maintain a secure feel in gloved hands.
The Poker Pro is a do-it-all freeride performance pole for juniors. It features a durable, lightweight aluminum shaft and extended touring grip for all-day comfort over long traverses. The pole comes with interchangeable hard snow and powder baskets, so you are ready for any conditions.
